NOTE: This is not a full list and explanation of the rules, just
a summary.  For more detailed information please visit our forums
at http://forgottenrealms.d20mud.com/

1) Respect each other. This means you treat others the way you would 
like to be treated. It is one thing for an evil character to cause 
problems for a good one, and another thing for people to treat each 
other poorly out of character. There is also a fine line between 
responsable role playing of evil characters, and ruining other 
people's fun by bullying and baseless pkilling. This includes 
harassment as well, and if you feel as if you are being harassed, 
tell them to stop, and if they do not, report the incident to an 
immortal preferably with logs and screenshots.

2) Respect the Staff. The staff work their butts off to give you a 
game to play and should be respected for that. That doesn't mean that 
we have free reign to do whatever and act however we want, but it 
does mean that we deserve to be treated with a little courtesy when 
we are dealing with administrative matters. If you are approached 
about a potential rule infraction, please be courteous and cooperative 
and likely no harm will come unless it is a repeat infraction or you 
are rude. Likewise try to respect staff member's boundaries. We try 
not to be invisible as much as we can, but that doesn't mean you 
should bother us with things that can be handled on the forums in a 
time-frame more convenient for us.

3) Do not abuse bugs or loopholes. If you find a bug in the game, 
report it and avoid repeating it as much as you can, especially if 
it crashes the mud or gives your character unfair amounts of exp, 
treasure or gold. Please report all bugs on the forums, even if there 
is an imm online to report it to. Our memories are not good enough to 
remember every bug reported to us, and sometimes it can be overwhelming 
to deal with through vocal reports alone.

4) No Multiplaying You can have as many characters as you want but only 
one of them may be on the game at a time (2 including your imm character 
if you have one). This includes being linkdead. When switching characters 
you must wait 15 minutes between characters of different alignments or 
home towns. Your characters are allowed to know each other and share gear 
and money as much as you like. They can even solve each other's problems 
if you like, such as a high level picking on your low level character, as 
long as the characters are of the same general alignment or hometown. For 
characters of the same alignment (good, neutral, evil) and the same 
hometown (luskan, silverymoon, many arrows), you may log off and log on 
right away without having to wait.  Please note that all characters must 
be of the same account, and you are only allowed to ever have one account 
maximum.

5) No Swearing or Vulgar Language. You are not allowed to swear or use 
vulgar language anywhere on the mud. This includes vulgar jokes and 
topics of discussion. If a person who goes to church regularly 
wouldn't say this in front of their priest, you shouldn't say it on 
the MUD. Not even in tells. Save this kind of stuff for instant 
messengers and chat rooms please.
